All right, so we only have the sign of pizza when you give the sign up.
We have the user information and the token in the context and local stories.
So we have to do something similar when users sign in, right?
So we're going to implement sign in and then it's going to be a similar thing.
We're going to save the.
User information in the local stories in the context and similar the token.
Now the sign up is obviously it happens only once when users sign up to our application for the very
first time.
Right.
So that happens only once.
But signing is something user will be doing more frequently.
Maybe every day, maybe once a week.
All right.
So let's work on this one.
And then once you have the sign in, then we're going to implement log out as well.
At the moment, we have no way to log out unless you empty the values from logged stories.
All right.
So let's work on this signing phase.
So we have the signing phase here, and we already copied the code, which is pretty similar to what
we have in sign up.
So we have the input file for the email password.
We have the link for forward password and then we have a button on click of the button.
We are executing a function.
We using the end design's fun component, so on and finish.
We are executing this function.
Right.
So let's, let's have a look at the console.
Let's make sure we have everything we give the user input.
Right, that simulator.
Okay, so we got the imminent password.
So that's good.
This is what we need to send to our banking, right?
And back in, we all have the sign in wrote which we will explore a bit later.
But at the moment let's use X use so that we can send a request, right?
So we import excuse from access and I'm sure you already know we have configured axis in our context.
That meant we didn't have to write the full path.
We can just use the endpoint because we already have the base here.
It's coming from the EMV, right?
So we import X use and then we're going to use that here.
So function let's make it async function.
So not that this was unfinished, let's make it async function.
It's common design and it's used prior.
Kids in the air.
So if we get an error, we console.log the error.
And then we want to show the toast notification.
So I'm going to four error messages.
Right.
So let's say toast.
Don't error.
We might be getting the error message from the backend.
Right.
So we can show that here.
And for the other
end, the unexpected errors, we can see something like a sign in failed proof.
Try again.
That's.
But we will be showing the error messages here.
So that and then we may want to also use the loading, right, so we can use the state at the moment
we do have instead we can always use our own state.
Let's try it.
So in third use state hook from React so that we can use a split in our functional components.
You start loading
loading equals to use state and we give the default value of false.
So by default it will be false.
When it's true we cancel some kind of alerting indicator.
So it will become true when we make a request when this function executes, right?
So our first thing let's actually right here now gets error.
If we get in error, then we want to set loading to false.
Otherwise when we make when user submit this form, first thing you want to do is set learning to do
it, loading to do.
All right.
And then we're going to make a request to our back, right?
So we need the end point.
So we use excuse to make a request.
An X just gives us the response data we can destructor data across to complete x use dot post.
We make a post request because we're posting something some don't.
So let me quickly have a look at the image file.
So we have the the base here and that already has this less API.
So we don't have to write API here.
We just need to write the exact end point, which is sign in and use it as the endpoint.
And we are sending the values which will be users email and password, sort of a user type in the form.
So you can see the first argument to this post function is the end point and second argument is the
data that we are posting.
Okay.
And then we can have a look at the console.log data.
We can do a few other things here.
We can take for the error.
Write to if.
By the way, let me just control the diagnosis just so that we can see signing and response.
Okay.
So let's try to understand how everything is working.
So let's.
Check out our control function and let's see how this data is being sent.
And to make sure we have we are sending this data from client and receiving in the server.
That is really important.
When you working with EBS, you want to make sure the client and so they are communicating the right
way and you are receiving data, right?
So let's make sure we are receiving the values in our control controller is something we have here auto
generated.
Later we will be creating our own functions controllers.
But at the moment this is signing we can use.
Let's quickly have a look at the route first.
So it's here we have the sign in dropped it it should be the method of post and it is handled by this
controller function.
Yeah.
All right.
So let's go to the control function, sign in and you can see this is the code that signed in the user.
So basically we have getting the emitted password from the client and then we are taking first to try
to find the user from the database because.
Had to use a find by email.
All right, so find the email.
And if we don't have the user with that email, that means this user have never signed up to our application.
Right.
So he should sign up first, register first so we can send this error message.
No.
Use a phone so that he can go ahead and sign up.
All right.
Now, if the user is fine, then we have to compare a password.
That's how we're going to sign in the user.
So you can see here we are receiving the email ID password.
So we receive the pin password, we give the pin password and the hashed version, which is coming from
the database user, the password which is here we got the user from the database.
So user password which is already hashed and saved in the database.
So that one and the password we are comparing.
So you can see this function takes two argument.
One is the blend password, one is the hash version.
So if you're curious, you can take out this function as well and help us compare passwords to basically
just a one line of code, the script we having using the script and to compare.
Also, we can easily use this compare function that takes two arguments, plan one and the hash password.
And if the Mets, then it will return.
True, otherwise it would return false.
I guess if we compare the password and if it is not true, if it is false, then we send the wrong password
and we return immediately so we don't do anything else.
Otherwise it's all good.
Right?
So we got the user.
The password also met.
In that case, we generate the token again.
It's the exact same way we did with the token.
I do the sign up as well.
You can see it's the exact same code we use the same token created the same token using the user's I.D.,
using the secret and third argument is the expiry date, which is seven days.
All right.
And then basically that's all you need.
We have the user, we have the token.
We can send that response.
Before we send that, we want to make sure we are not sending the test password in secret.
So I send that to undefined, I guess to it's pretty straightforward.
So let's have a look at the request body and make sure we have got the data.
Let's use written keyword.
So none of this code executes just for testing purpose.
All right, so let's have a look at the data.
So this sign in the function, let's make sure we are sending this data to the right endpoint.
We should be able to see it in the central console.
And then we go ahead and ongoing this one and let this code work so that we are able to serve the user
in the database.
So we are able to sign in the user based only password comparison.
All right, so let's try Orion.
And so we have this user.
Let's again, we don't see anything here because we're not sending in response, but we should see the
console log and sure enough we do in the bag and you can see we have got the emollient password.
Perfect.
Everything should go fine.
Let's remove that and let's run this code so that we can sign into the user.
And if there is any error, you can see if there's an error.
We're sending their messages.
We can have a look at that in our sign in function here in the client, we are console.log.
They're
toast.
We don't have.
Let's make sure we import that in.
Sign it for toast from React.
How does.
Let's try logging.